# DATABASE
Here is the processing script of the database I used.

[CIViC](https://civicdb.org/home)-CIViC is an open access, open source, community-driven web resource for Clinical Interpretation of Variants in Cancer.  
[DoCM](http://docm.info/)-DoCM, the Database of Curated Mutations, is a highly curated database of known, disease-causing mutations that provides easily explorable variant lists with direct links to source citations for easy verification.  
*Criteria for inclusion into DoCM:  
     *Clinical evidence  
          *Drug targets associated with a mutation  
          *Diagnostic or prognostic markers associated with a mutation  
     *Functional evidence   
          *Disease function described in cell lines  
          *Disease function described in animal models  
          *Extremely recurrent mutation coupled with expert opinion of the significance of the mutation  
[ClinVar](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/clinvar/)-ClinVar is a a freely accessible, public archive of reports of the relationships among human variations and phenotypes hosted by the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) and funded by intramural National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding.  
[COSMIC](https://cancer.sanger.ac.uk/cosmic)-COSMIC, the Catalogue Of Somatic Mutations In Cancer, is the world's largest and most comprehensive resource for exploring the impact of somatic mutations in human cancer.  
[Cancer Biomarker Database](https://www.cancergenomeinterpreter.org/biomarkers)-Cancer Biomarkers database, is a resources annotating the biomarkers of tumor response to drugs which currently contains information on 1624 genomic biomarkers of response (sensitivity, resistance, or toxicity) to 310 drugs across 130 types of cancer.  
[OncoKB](oncokb.org/)-OncoKB, a Precision Oncology Knowledge Base, includes biological, clinical, and therapeutic information curated from multiple unstructured information resources, including guidelines and recommendations derived from FDA labeling, NCCN guidelines, other disease-specific expert and advocacy group recommendations, and the medical literature.  
[CanDL](https://CanDL.osu.edu/)-CanDL, the Cancer Driver Log, is an expert-curated database of potentially actionable driver mutations for molecular pathologists and laboratory directors to facilitate literature-based annotation of genomic testing of tumors. It has mutations with proven functional characterization or that have been targeted clinically or pre-clinically by either existing therapies or investigational agents.  
[Kin-Driver](http://kin-driver.leloir.org.ar/index.php)-KinDriver,the first database that compiles driver mutations in protein kinases (PKs) with experimental evidence demonstrating their functional role. Kin-driver is a manual expert-curated database that pays special attention to activating mutations (AMs) and can serve as a validation set to develop new generation tools focused on the prediction of gain-of-function driver mutations.  
[The IARC TP53 Database](http://p53.iarc.fr/)-The IARC TP53 Database compiles various types of data and information on human TP53 gene variations related to cancer. Data are compiled from the peer-reviewed literature and from generalist databases.  
[ExAC](exac.broadinstitute.org/)-The Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) is a coalition of investigators seeking to aggregate and harmonize exome sequencing data from a variety of large-scale sequencing projects, and to make summary data available for the wider scientific community.  
The data set spans 60,706 unrelated individuals sequenced as part of various disease-specific and population genetic studies. The author has removed individuals affected by severe pediatric disease, so this data set should serve as a useful reference set of allele frequencies for severe disease studies. All of the raw data from these projects have been reprocessed through the same pipeline, and jointly variant-called to increase consistency across projects.  
[dbCPM](http://bioinfo.ahu.edu.cn:8080/dbCPM)-dbCPM is a comprehensive literature-based database of Cancer Passenger Mutations, which contains 941 experimentally supported and 978 putative passenger mutations derived from a manual curation of the literature.  
[dbNSFP](https://sites.google.com/site/jpopgen/dbNSFP)-dbNSFP is a database developed for functional prediction and annotation of all potential non-synonymous single-nucleotide variants (nsSNVs) in the human genome.    
It compiles prediction scores from 29 prediction algorithms (SIFT, SIFT4G, Polyphen2-HDIV, Polyphen2-HVAR, LRT, MutationTaster2, MutationAssessor, FATHMM, MetaSVM, MetaLR, CADD, VEST4, PROVEAN, FATHMM-MKL coding, FATHMM-XF coding, fitCons, LINSIGHT, DANN, GenoCanyon, Eigen, Eigen-PC, M-CAP, REVEL, MutPred, MVP, MPC, PrimateAI, GEOGEN2, ALoFT), 9 conservation scores (PhyloP x 3, phastCons x 3, GERP++, SiPhy and bStatistic) and other related information including allele frequencies observed in the 1000 Genomes Project phase 3 data, UK10K cohorts data, ExAC consortium data, gnomAD data and the NHLBI Exome Sequencing Project ESP6500 data, various gene IDs from different databases, functional descriptions of genes, gene expression and gene interaction information, etc.
